DOC-14371 2.2 EA features in 1.1 SDK (#6)
couchbase/docs-analytics-sdk-dotnet: modules/concept-docs/pages/querying-your-data.adoc

This enables Zero ETL, reducing costs, complexity, and improving time to insight.

== Long Running Queries

All versions of Enterprise Analytics support client-side async requests.
This process keeps a connection live between client and server for long running queries.
For such long running queries, a better mechanism is for the client to trigger an async query without holding a connection to the server open for the duration of the query execution. 

> This xref:{version-ea}@enterprise-analytics:intro:intro.adoc[Server Asynchronous API] is introduced in Enterprise Analytics Server 2.2.

Reviewer: This link seems like a placeholder. Unfortunately, there's no single page in Enterprise Analytics that you could point to for the new Async API, because the new endpoints are shared between the Requests API and the Admin API. So the best place to link to is probably the Enterprise Analytics REST API landing page.

Also not sure why `{version-ea}`? Since Enterprise Analytics 2.2 is coming out at the same time as the 1.1 EA SDKS, wouldn't you just link to the current version of Enterprise Analytics? I've left the attribute in place for now because I don't fully understand what it's for.

```suggestion
This Server Asynchronous API is introduced in Enterprise Analytics Server 2.2.
For more information, see xref:{version-ea}@enterprise-analytics:reference:rest-analytics.adoc[].
```

After the query request is submitted, clients can monitor the status of the request and on successful execution of query, opt to stream the results of the query.
This way the connection between SDK client and Analytics Server does not stay open for the long duration of query processing, and is only needed for result set streaming.

> `cluster.start_query()` → `QueryHandle` → `QueryStatus` → `QueryResultsHandle`

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
`cluster.StartQueryAsync()` → `QueryHandle` → `QueryStatus` → `QueryResultsHandle`
```
